include doc on how to bring your own certificate with net-contour (#2735)
knative/docs: docs/serving/using-a-tls-cert.md

see [Enabling automatic TLS cert provisioning](./using-auto-tls.md). Otherwise,
continue below for instructions about manually adding a certificate.

{{< tabs name="serving_networking" default="Istio" >}}
{{% tab name="Contour" %}}

To manually add a TLS certificate to your Knative cluster, you create a

> Kubernetes secret and then configure the `net-contour`

Reviewer: The last bit reads like it's missing a word.

> To manually add a TLS certificate to your Knative cluster, you create a
> Kubernetes secret and then configure the `net-contour`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To manually add a TLS certificate to your Knative cluster, you must create a
Kubernetes secret and then configure `net-contour`.
```

Reviewer 2: Can we maybe explain what `net-contour` is here? Is this a literal setting?

> 1. Run the following command to create a Kubernetes secret to hold your TLS
>    certificate, `cert.pem`, and the private key, `cert.pk`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a Kubernetes secret to hold your TLS certificate, `cert.pem`, and the private key, `cert.pk`, by entering the following command:
```

   ```shell
   kubectl create --namespace contour-external tls default-cert \

>      --key cert.pem \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     --key cert.pk \
```

     --cert cert.pem
   ```

>    where `cert.pem` and `cert.pem` are your certificate and private key files.

Reviewer: did you mean to name these the same?

>    You'll need to keep note of the namespace and secret name for the next two 
>    steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **IMPORTANT:** Take note of the namespace and secret name. You will need these in future steps.
```

> 1. Create a delegation to allow the secret to be used by your developers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a delegation to allow the secret to be used:
```

   
   ```yaml
   apiVersion: projectcontour.io/v1
   kind: TLSCertificateDelegation
   metadata:
     name: default-delegation
     namespace: contour-external
   spec:
     delegations:
       - secretName: default-cert
         targetNamespaces:
         - "*"

>    ```

Reviewer: Do you always need this, or just when Contour is in some mode?

Reviewer 2: It's not really clear in each step why a user or admin needs to do each of these things IMHO

Author: i've added clarifications

> 1. Update net-contour settings to leverage the secret 

Reviewer 2: Again, what is net-contour? Can we use consistent formatting to make it obvious if this is a literal setting or a concept? Earlier in the doc it's written as `net-contour` which looks like a literal setting, but then here it isn't?

Please use punctuation at the end of each numbered list entry also. e.g.

1. Create x thing.
2. Create x thing by entering the command:

   
   ```shell
   kubectl edit cm config-contour -n knative-serving
   ```

>    add the following data property

Reviewer 2: Should be its own step.

   ```yaml

>    default-tls-secret-name: "contour-external/default-cert"

Reviewer: Provide a PATCH command?
